So let's start by talking about restrictions on generic classes, the following table demonstrates invalid
declarations of a generic class or some of its members.
The first restriction is the generic class cannot extend Threlfall or any subclass of travel, including
all areas and exceptions.
And you can see some invalid code and the right hand side that device restrictions needed since the
catch mechanism of the JVM works only with non generic classes.
So not that your parameterize type can be any type of exception.
A generic class cannot refer to a type parameter in any static member.
This includes static fields, static methods and static initializes and against some example code.
On the right hand side, there are generic classes typed during its declaration in instantiation at
the time of a class initialization type would not be known in next.
A generic class cannot refer to a type parameter in any static member of a nested type.
Again, we've got some code on the right hand side there.
As per the previous example, a generic class is typed to its declaration and instantiation.
At the time of a class initialization, the type wouldn't be known.
Now, in addition, there are coding restrictions when referencing top arguments in code, the following
table lists the restriction and gives an example of the invalid code.
The code result in compiler errors firstly cannot create instances of type parameters.
You can say the invalid code there on the right.
You cannot use instance of with specific type arguments, no wild cards and an example of the right
hand side there of what's invalid.
Third, cannot assign or cast to a generic with a top argument that is a super top of the objects declared
type argument.
And again, you can say the activity to the right hand side, you cannot instigate a rise of generic
types.
It is a collection instead.
Next, you cannot overload a method where formal parameter types of overloaded methods arise to the
same raw type.
The last two can catch or throw objects declared as with type parameter, noting that the sample character
is talking about the fact I'm going to be talking about that more later and last on top parameters cannot
be primitive data types.
We saw an example of that in the code in the last video.
But let's bring back to the code.
And actually, speaking of that code, I left the code broken with compiler error and was going to commit
to that.
So we don't get errors.
When we got to run this nuclides, I'm going to create and we're going to get a new class now.
Let's call this new costs, more generics.
I didn't even know I was going to write a postcard in.
All right, so there's the code, so specifically this code that contains the following, first, you've
got a generic class they called another generic, which has two top parameters by convention.
The first one is declared as T second is as an it would be unveiled.
This class has two fields, which you can see their first object declared to be of type T and second
object declared to be of type S..
So Saqqara constructor there, that takes two arguments.
One of type two and one of typist then sets those instanced variables.
Also got two methods here.
So of those two methods, we'll look at the one hundred thirty three first get super does not object
that returns a class hierarchy descending from Javadoc Langdell object as a string array.
Now, the other method get covered class, so this is actually comparing the class hierarchy of both
first object and second object using the array stop mismatch method.
If you need a recap of arrays, refer to my one zero eight one line, one course on you.
To be specifically Section five arrays is comparing the class hierarchy, as I said, and ultimately
determining that the common ancestor.
Moving on down further, we've got another class here, Virginia generics, so could say we firstly
creating some instances of various exceptions, they're starting on line 54.
And then moving on, there are instantiating several another generic objects, topping each with different
types, mostly exceptions.
They're just basically showing generics in use from this code.
So are the examples I've shown in this and the previous video, there were no restrictions on the type
that could be used as a top argument to the generic class, but you can set restrictions on the types
allowed.
These restrictions are called bounded types.
A generic class is restricted to one type of bound called an upper bound and specified is in the extends
keyword in the top parameter section.
The use of the word extends in the following declaration on screen restricts a type to a specific tight
exception here or to a subtype of that specific type.
The upper bound, your upper bound is a common ancestry of object types allowed.
And if you don't declare an upper bound in a top parameter, it's implied to be javadoc an object.
So looking at this code, public class, generic bounded and in angle brackets, t extends exception.
So you could set an upper bound to only a single class using the extensor key word, you could set an
upper bound to one or many interfaces using the extents keyword and delimiting the interfaces by the
ampersand character.
You can also set an upper bound to both class and one or more interfaces using the extends keyword and
the epicenter to the list.
However, the class must be declared first in the ampersand delimited list.
So an example is both a class and two interfaces is shown on screen, the class number is listed first.
So you can see we've got public class, generic bounded and brackets.
We've got T extends number eight percent comparable er percent serializable.
The advantage of specifying an upper bound, in addition to clarifying the top expected to be contained
by a generic class, is that the methods of the upper bound types are available to you in the code of
each generic class in the player here and in the next one will switch back to the idea.
And we explore more of this in code to see you in the next video.